question has come semi how I never play
between then I'm going to pinch what's
up YouTube smax people vertical jump
shoot calm and today I'm going to show
you my plyometric workout from the part
I keep reminder this is the actual work
out the vertical jump truth dog training
program the workout will also be in the
description this video so check it out
and check out vertical jump truth com if
you want to use the vertical jump
instantly let's get started and let me
show you what the workout looks like all
right to start off this workout I did
rim gems for four sets of eight reps now
i'm only going to show you the first set
of this exercise because i don't want to
make this video too long rim jumps
really give my body warmed up for
jumping after that at the cone jumps for
four sets of eight reps then this is a
little bit more difficult but you have
to make sure that should focus on
jumping as high as you can and as fast
as you can after that i did a couple of
practice jumps and you're gonna see one
of them right there then i decided to go
all out and try to dunk as much as i
could and right now i'm doing my
strength training phase from our
vertical jump program called a vertical
jump truth but I'm gonna keep on trying
to jump as high as I can now the key to
practicing your jumping and your dunking
is to make sure to stop when you notice
it decrease in your performance and make
sure that you can squat at least 1.5
times your body weight before getting
serious about the plyometrics and right
here you see the full workout rim jobs
four sets of eight reps Cohen jumps four
sets of eight reps practice jumping and
dunking until performance decrease and
only do this workout twice per week get
two to three days of rest between
workout days and make sure that you have
strong legs before attempting any
plyometrics and you increase your
strength by doing strength training
exercises such as heavy squats deadlifts
and the variation of lunges and check
out vertical jump truth calm if you will
increase your vertical jump instantly
and Duncan basketball in no time let's
get started let's start done